help/channel-manager/complete-store-setup.md, before:

---
title: Complete sales channel setup
description: Navigate to a connected sales channel to manage view and manage product listings, inventory and price updates, and track orders
exl-id: 12127e3b-55c1-4db6-98b2-6dc8bdaae139
---
# Complete sales channel setup

After you connect a Commerce store to [!DNL Walmart Marketplace], complete store setup from the [!DNL Channel Manager] home page.

1. From the Admin, select **[!UICONTROL Marketing** > **Channel Manager**].

   ![Manage Channel Manager Stores](assets/channel-manager-setup-first-store.png)

1. Open the sales channel store by selecting the eye icon for the store.

1. Begin sales channel operations.

   - [Add products from your [!DNL Commerce Catalog] to Channel Manager](add-products-to-channel-store.md)

   - [Publish product listings to [!DNL Walmart] using product matching](publish-listings-to-marketplace.md)

   - [Learn how [!DNL Channel Manager] syncs inventory and price updates between [!DNL Commerce] and [!DNL Walmart]](inventory-and-price-updates.md)

   - [View and manage [!DNL Walmart] orders from the [!DNL Commerce Admin]](manage-orders.md)

Commit message:

- For listings, change `publish` to `connect` - Update home page info - Update Listings and Orders field descriptions - Update screens to match current UI - Remove references to Beta instructions and release information - Add configuration settings to Complete store setup steps - Add note about automatic synchronization - Update channel settings instructions

help/channel-manager/complete-store-setup.md, after:

---
title: Complete sales channel setup
description: Navigate to a connected sales channel to manage view and manage product listings, inventory and price updates, and track orders
exl-id: 12127e3b-55c1-4db6-98b2-6dc8bdaae139
---
# Complete sales channel setup

After you connect a Commerce store to [!DNL Walmart Marketplace], complete store setup from the [!DNL Channel Manager] home page.

1. From the Admin, select **[!UICONTROL Marketing** > **Channel Manager**].

   ![Manage Channel Manager Stores](assets/channel-manager-setup-first-store.png)

1. Open the sales channel store by selecting the eye icon for the store.

1. Begin sales channel operations.

   - [Configure channel settings for product identifiers and shipping carriers](configure-channel-settings.md)

   - [Add products from your [!DNL Commerce Catalog] to Channel Manager](add-products-to-channel-store.md)

   - [Connect product listings to [!DNL Walmart] using product matching](connect-listings-to-marketplace.md)

   - [Learn how [!DNL Channel Manager] syncs inventory and price updates between [!DNL Commerce] and [!DNL Walmart]](inventory-and-price-updates.md)

   - [View and manage [!DNL Walmart] orders from the [!DNL Commerce Admin]](manage-orders.md)

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>After [!DNL Channel Manager] is installed and configured, all inventory, price, order updates are synchronized automatically. Do not connect Channel Manager to a live Walmart Marketplace store until you have disabled any other integrations that update the product and order data, and you are ready for Commerce updates to be synchronized to [!DNL Walmart Marketplace].
