help/channel-manager/onboard.md, before:

---
title: Onboard [!DNL Channel Manager]
description: Connect your instance to the [!DNL Channel Manager] service by completing a few onboarding steps.
role: User
level: Intermediate
exl-id: 7c4ccd9e-ae32-4511-8d1e-baa690604612
---

# Onboard [!DNL Channel Manager]

After you complete onboarding, configure and manage sales channel operations from the [!UICONTROL Channel Manager] option on the [!UICONTROL Commerce Admin Marketing] menu.

![[!DNL Channel Manager] option in Admin view](assets/channel-manager-admin-view.png)

## Onboarding overview

1. [Install the [!DNL Channel Manager] extension](install.md).

1. [Configure the [!DNL Commerce Services Connector]](connect.md) to integrate Channel Manager with the Commerce instance, and other supporting services.

1. [Connect your [!DNL Commerce] store to [!DNL Walmart Marketplace]](connect.md).

1. [Complete store setup](complete-store-setup.md).

## Requirements

- Verify that you meet the [Walmart Marketplace requirements](walmart-requirements.md) to integrate with Channel Manager.

- **Commerce account information**–Downloading and installing [!DNL Channel Manager] requires a [Commerce account](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/magento/magento-account.html){target="_blank"}. You need an account ID and credentials with Owner or Admin access to the [!DNL Adobe Commerce] or [!DNL Magento Open Source] instance.

  - **MAGE ID**–[Log in](https://account.magento.com/customer/account/login/) to the Commerce account to get the ID from **[!UICONTROL My Account - Magento settings]**. You need this ID to register for the [!DNL Channel Manager] service Beta program.

     ![[!DNL MAGEID] on Commerce account settings](assets/mageid-my-commerce-account.png) 

  - **Access keys–** Get authentication keys to download Commerce extensions from the Commerce Composer repository `([!DNL repo.magento.com]`).

    ![[!UICONTROL Commerce Marketplace access keys]](assets/commerce-marketplace-access-keys.png)

    On Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source projects, the owner can set up [Shared Access](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/magento/magento-account-share.html) to allow trusted employees and service providers to download extensions using credentials from the Owner or license holder account.

    For [!DNL Adobe Commerce] on cloud infrastructure projects, software installers must have the following access to the [!DNL Commerce] instance:

    - Super User access to the Cloud project
    - Admin access to a specific environment
    - an [!DNL Adobe Commerce] or [!DNL Magento Open Source] account with permissions to access the Composer repository
    
    See [Manage user access](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/project/user-admin.html).

- **Authorization to download the Channel Manager Composer package**–Provide the Beta coordinator for Adobe Channel with the MAGE ID of the [!DNL Commerce] account used to manage the service for your organization.
- **Experience using Composer and the [!DNL Commerce CLI]** –See [General CLI Installation](https://devdocs.magento.com/extensions/install/){target="_blank"} for information about using these tools to install and manage extensions on [!DNL Adobe Commerce] or [!DNL Magento Open Source] platforms.
- [[!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] version 4.4.2 or later](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-channels/amazon/release-notes.html)–If you have activated [!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] for your [!DNL Commerce] sites, verify that your [!DNL Commerce] platform has version 4.42 installed before you install [!DNL Channel Manager].
- [!DNL Inventory Management] extension for Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source

   If you plan to use Channel Manager for inventory and Order Management, you must have the Inventory Management extension installed and enabled on your Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source instance. Typically, this extension is installed and enabled by default on Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.3.x and later. For more information, see [Install Inventory Management](https://devdocs.magento.com/extensions/inventory-management/) in the Adobe Commerce Developer documentation.

### System Requirements

- [Adobe Commerce 2.4.x](https://devdocs.magento.com/release/released-versions.html)
- [PHP 7.3 / 7.4](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.html)
- [Composer 1.x or later](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/reference/cloud-composer.html)
- [[!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] version 4.4.2 or later](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-channels/amazon/release-notes.html)–If you have activated [!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] for your [!DNL Commerce] sites, verify that your [!DNL Commerce] platform has version 4.42 installed before you install [!DNL Channel Manager].
- [!DNL Inventory Management]

### Supported platforms

- Adobe Commerce on Cloud (ECE) : 2.4.x
- Adobe Commerce on premises (EE) : 2.4.x
- Magento Open Source 2.4.x

Commit message:

- For listings, change `publish` to `connect` - Update home page info - Update Listings and Orders field descriptions - Update screens to match current UI - Remove references to Beta instructions and release information - Add configuration settings to Complete store setup steps - Add note about automatic synchronization - Update channel settings instructions

help/channel-manager/onboard.md, after:

---
title: Onboard [!DNL Channel Manager]
description: Connect your instance to the [!DNL Channel Manager] service by completing a few onboarding steps.
role: User
level: Intermediate
exl-id: 7c4ccd9e-ae32-4511-8d1e-baa690604612
---

# Onboard [!DNL Channel Manager]

After you complete onboarding, configure and manage sales channel operations from the [!UICONTROL Channel Manager] option on the [!UICONTROL Commerce Admin Marketing] menu.

![[!DNL Channel Manager] option in Admin view](assets/channel-manager-admin-view.png)

## Onboarding overview

1. [Install the [!DNL Channel Manager] extension](install.md).

1. [Configure the [!DNL Commerce Services Connector]](connect.md) to integrate Channel Manager with the Commerce instance, and other supporting services.

1. [Connect your [!DNL Commerce] store to [!DNL Walmart Marketplace]](connect.md).

1. [Complete store setup](complete-store-setup.md).

## Requirements

- Verify that you meet the [Walmart Marketplace requirements](walmart-requirements.md) to integrate with Channel Manager.

- **Commerce account information**–Downloading and installing [!DNL Channel Manager] requires a [Commerce account](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/magento/magento-account.html){target="_blank"}. You need an account ID and credentials with Owner or Admin access to the [!DNL Adobe Commerce] or [!DNL Magento Open Source] instance.

  - **MAGE ID**–[Log in](https://account.magento.com/customer/account/login/) to the Commerce account to get the ID from **[!UICONTROL My Account - Magento settings]**.

     ![[!DNL MAGEID] on Commerce account settings](assets/mageid-my-commerce-account.png) 

  - **Access keys–** Get authentication keys to download Commerce extensions from the Commerce Composer repository `([!DNL repo.magento.com]`).

    ![[!UICONTROL Commerce Marketplace access keys]](assets/commerce-marketplace-access-keys.png)

    On Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source projects, the owner can set up [Shared Access](https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/magento/magento-account-share.html) to allow trusted employees and service providers to download extensions using credentials from the Owner or license holder account.

    For [!DNL Adobe Commerce] on cloud infrastructure projects, software installers must have the following access to the [!DNL Commerce] instance:

    - Super User access to the Cloud project
    - Admin access to a specific environment
    - an [!DNL Adobe Commerce] or [!DNL Magento Open Source] account with permissions to access the Composer repository
    
    See [Manage user access](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/project/user-admin.html).

- **Experience using Composer and the [!DNL Commerce CLI]** –See [General CLI Installation](https://devdocs.magento.com/extensions/install/){target="_blank"} for information about using these tools to install and manage extensions on [!DNL Adobe Commerce] or [!DNL Magento Open Source] platforms.

- [[!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] version 4.4.2 or later](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-channels/amazon/release-notes.html)–If you have activated [!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] for your [!DNL Commerce] sites, verify that your [!DNL Commerce] platform has version 4.4.2 installed before you install [!DNL Channel Manager].

- [!DNL Inventory Management] extension for Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source

   If you plan to use Channel Manager for inventory and Order Management, you must have the Inventory Management extension installed and enabled on your Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source instance. Typically, this extension is installed and enabled by default on Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source 2.3.x and later.
   
   If you have upgraded Commerce from 2.2.x, or if you have disabled Inventory Management, you must update your installation to include the required modules. For more information, see [Install Inventory Management](https://devdocs.magento.com/extensions/inventory-management/) in the Adobe Commerce Developer documentation.

### System Requirements

- [Adobe Commerce 2.4.x](https://devdocs.magento.com/release/released-versions.html)
- [PHP 7.3 / 7.4](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.html)
- [Composer 1.x or later](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/reference/cloud-composer.html)
- [[!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] version 4.4.2 or later](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-channels/amazon/release-notes.html)–If you have activated [!DNL Amazon Sales Channel] for your [!DNL Commerce] sites, verify that your [!DNL Commerce] platform has version 4.4.2 installed before you install [!DNL Channel Manager].
- [[!DNL Inventory Management]](https://devdocs.magento.com/extensions/inventory-management/) 

### Supported platforms

- Adobe Commerce on Cloud (ECE) : 2.4.x
- Adobe Commerce on premises (EE) : 2.4.x
- Magento Open Source 2.4.x
